Hello Walker,

You know we've been after this guy for a long time.In my conversations with local sources, they said that they are close and that they will take him over soon. We have the document, but if they catch him, we'll never be able to open it. The data in it is very important to us, we cannot allow this. They know that the man is in Atlanta now, but they still have no idea of his exact location. We must be quick. We've been working on this guy all night. It cost me a lot, but I got some information from my sources. One is that the man is a narcissist and presents himself as C.Cobra. We know he is obsessed with this name because it's everywhere. In the games he plays, in his cyberspace nicknames, even at the end of his manifestos. Another thing that caught our attention is that he did not change his car. Everywhere he goes he has different license plates but exactly the same car. If you can find it, definitely check it out. There must be a reason for this. The other thing is, we  partially know where the man is right now. There is a deviation of only a few hundred meters in diameter. We knew he would use a Proxy, as we know he doesn't trust VPN services while doing his illegal business. We forced all the infrastructure in the neighborhood to use one of our servers, we tracked the IP Addresses in the records. This morning, a transfer took place from the IP Address we thought was his, and a private backed up to another server right after. Luckily we were able to take over the private. It has the same fingerprint as the public that encrypts the document, that's definitely our key. But we have a problem. He implemented a password protection to the key, a passphrase. We are trying to crack it, but still no result. We think it may be related to the name C.Cobra. Maybe it's an expansion of both or one of this words. That's all the information we have. I'll also send you his estimated location, he must be staying somewhere right now, it's a quiet street also. If you want, take a look from the satellite or go near him. I am sending the document and private as well. We need that passphrase to read the document. Our time is running out. Good luck.